doc/doc.md, before:

# Documentation

## Word Generation

### Charset files

A charset file is a JSON file that contains a few info about itself, along with the characters and their weights. Located in the `charsets` folder, you can create your own charset file or modify an existing one to change the character set used by the application.

Currently, the application uses a single charset file, which has been defined statically. However, you can change the charset used by tweaking directly the `basic_french` JSON file in the `charsets` folder.

Below is an example of a charset file used as a reference in the documentation.

```bash
cat charsets/default_english.json
```

```json
{
  "name": "English",
  "description": "Default English charset",
  "suggested": ["2112(w|2)?", "w1h", "th100?"],
  "charsets": [
    {
        "a": 12,
        "e": 16,
        "i": 4
    },
    {
        "b": 2,
        "w": 14,
    }
  ]
}
```

The file name is used as an unique identifier for the charset. The `name` and `description` fields are used to display information about the charset in the UI. The `suggested` field is used to display a few interesting examples of patterns that can be generated using the charset.

The `charsets` field is an array of objects, each object being a set of key-value pairs. The key is a character and the value is the weight of the character. The weight is used to determine the probability of a character to be chosen when generating a word from a pattern.

### Pattern

The pattern is a string that contains characters, digits and reserved symbols. Any character that is not a digit is used as is, while digits are replaced by a character from the corresponding charset.

#### Digits

A digit shows the charset to be used to replace it. `1` implies that the first charset will be used and the same logic goes for `2` and `3`. The special digit `0` means that the charset choice is uniformly random. A zero will be evaluated to a digit from `1` to `3` and the character will be then chosen from the corresponding charset as described below.

The weight of a character is used to determine its probability to be chosen. All the weigths in a charset are summed up, and a given character has a probability of `weight / sum_of_weights` to be chosen. For example, if using the charset file above called `default_english.json`, the digit `1` will be replaced by :
- `a` 12 times out of 32
- `e` 16 times out of 32
- `i` 4 times out of 32

#### Characters

Characters are anything that are not digits nor reserved symbols. They are used as is and are not replaced by anything. It is useful to force a character to be present in the generated word at a specific position. Interesting use cases include :
- Specific sounds, like `th` in english or `ch` in french
- Spaces, to generate sentences or expressions rather than words
  - You can then use articles before words, like `the` in english or `des` in french
- Special characters that can occur, like `'` or `-`
- Enforce plural form of a word by adding an `s` at the end of the pattern

#### Reserved symbols

Reserved symbols are used in the pattern to specify a generation behavior. Those symbols are :

- Quantifiers
  - `?` : The token before the `?` is optional. It can be present or not in the generated word
  - `*` : The token before the `*` can be present any number of times, including 0
  - `+` : The token before the `+` can be present any number of times, but at least once
- Parenthesis
  - `(` and `)` : The tokens between the parentesis are grouped together. Possible quantifiers are applied to the whole group
- Operators
  - `|` : Evaluated to a logical OR. One of the two tokens before and after the `|` will be chosen to be present in the generated word

## Language files

Although not being currently used, the application plans to support multiple languages. The language files are located in the `lang` folder and are JSON files.

Each string is identified by a unique key and is used to display the application in the selected language. To be able to use a new language, you will have to create a new JSON file in the `lang` folder and fill it with the translations for each required key.

Any string with a given key that is not found in the language file is evaluated to the key itself. This is useful to identify missing translations in the language file.

### Current keys supported

- `language_name` : The name of the language in its own language

Commit message:

Polished Translator
Tweaked Translator methods to classmethods
Added more strings to language files
Added translation support for pattern input and generate button

doc/doc.md, after:

# Documentation

## Word Generation

### Charset files

A charset is a representation of an alphabet and how often each character is used. It is a JSON file that contains a few info about itself, along with the characters and their weights. It is located in the `charsets` folder and you can create your own charset file or modify an existing one to change the character set used by the application.

Currently, the application uses a single charset file, which has been defined statically. However, you can change the charset used by tweaking directly the `basic_french` JSON file in the `charsets` folder.

Below is an example of a charset file used as a reference in the documentation.

```bash
cat charsets/default_english.json
```

```json
{
  "name": "English",
  "description": "Default English charset",
  "suggested": ["2112(w|2)?", "w1h", "th100?"],
  "charsets": [
    {
        "a": 12,
        "e": 16,
        "i": 4
    },
    {
        "b": 2,
        "w": 14,
    }
  ]
}
```

The file name is used as an unique identifier for the charset. The `name` and `description` fields are used to display information about the charset in the UI. The `suggested` field is used to display a few interesting examples of patterns that can be generated using the charset.

The `charsets` field is an array of objects, each object being a set of key-value pairs. The key is a character and the value is the weight of the character. The weight is used to determine the probability of a character to be chosen when generating a word from a pattern.

### Pattern

The pattern is a string that contains characters, digits and reserved symbols. Any character that is not a digit is used as is, while digits are replaced by a character from the corresponding charset.

#### Digits

A digit shows the charset to be used to replace it. `1` implies that the first charset will be used and the same logic goes for `2` and `3`. The special digit `0` means that the charset choice is uniformly random. A zero will be evaluated to a digit from `1` to `3` and the character will be then chosen from the corresponding charset as described below.

The weight of a character is used to determine its probability to be chosen. All the weigths in a charset are summed up, and a given character has a probability of `weight / sum_of_weights` to be chosen. For example, if using the charset file above called `default_english.json`, the digit `1` will be replaced by :
- `a` 12 times out of 32
- `e` 16 times out of 32
- `i` 4 times out of 32

#### Characters

Characters are anything that are not digits nor reserved symbols. They are used as is and are not replaced by anything. It is useful to force a character to be present in the generated word at a specific position. Interesting use cases include :
- Specific sounds, like `th` in english or `ch` in french
- Spaces, to generate sentences or expressions rather than words
  - You can then use articles before words, like `the` in english or `des` in french
- Special characters that can occur, like `'` or `-`
- Enforce plural form of a word by adding an `s` at the end of the pattern

#### Reserved symbols

Reserved symbols are used in the pattern to specify a generation behavior. Those symbols are :

- Quantifiers
  - `?` : The token before the `?` is optional. It can be present or not in the generated word
  - `*` : The token before the `*` can be present any number of times, including 0
  - `+` : The token before the `+` can be present any number of times, but at least once
- Parenthesis
  - `(` and `)` : The tokens between the parentesis are grouped together. Possible quantifiers are applied to the whole group
- Operators
  - `|` : Evaluated to a logical OR. One of the two tokens before and after the `|` will be chosen to be present in the generated word

## Language files

Although not able to be changed while the application is running, this one plans to support multiple languages. The language files are located in the `lang` folder and are JSON files.

Each string is identified by a unique key and is used to display the application in the selected language. To be able to use a new language, you will have to create a new JSON file in the `lang` folder and fill it with the translations for each required key.

Any string with a given key that is not found in the language file is evaluated to the key itself. This is useful to identify missing translations in the language file.

### Current keys supported

- `language_name` : The name of the language in its own language
- `PatternInput_placeholder` : The placeholder of the input used to enter the pattern
- `GenerateButton_text` : The text of the button used to generate a word
